Rename default method (#35)
tc39/proposal-uuid: README.md

The UUID standard library provides an API for generating RFC 4122 identifiers.

> The only export of the UUID library that is initially supported is a method which implements the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only export of the UUID library that is initially supported is `randomUUID()`,  a method which implements the
```

It is for this reason that this spec mandates that any random numbers used come from a
"cryptographically secure" source, thereby (hopefully) avoiding such issues.

> 

Reviewer 2: @ctavan I think perhaps we should add two items to the FAQ:

1. something that points out the fact that v4 has the maximum amount of entropy that can exist, and still be called a UUID (pointing out that it sets the `reserved` and `version` fields must be set, to be a UUID, and version 4 fills the rest of the ID with randomness).
2. in a prior art section, let's point out the Java, Go, and C++ examples you bring up [here](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-uuid/issues/3#issuecomment-544190284)? I think this is very compelling.

Author: @bcoe I have added two paragraphs LMKWYT.

It is for this reason that this spec mandates that any random numbers used come from a
"cryptographically secure" source, thereby (hopefully) avoiding such issues.

### Why call the export `randomUUID()` and not something like `uuidV4()`?

As pointed out
[in the disucssion](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-uuid/issues/3#issuecomment-544173041) `v4`
UUIDs have the maximum amount of entropy possible for a valid UUID as defined in [IETF RFC
4122][rfc-4122].

UUIDs defined in [IETF RFC 4122][rfc-4122] are 128 bit numbers that follow a specific byte layout.

> All of them contain a "version" field comprising 4 bits and a "variant" field comprising 2 bits,

Reviewer 2: I think this section is great 👍 @ctavan @broofa? what do you think.

can be a privacy or data protection concern for many use cases (e.g. leaking the creation timestamp
of a user account) so it's yet another reason to be very careful when choosing to use `v1` UUIDs.

### How do other languages/libraries deal with UUIDs?

Other languages/libraries seem to do be using the term `random` to describe `v4` UUIDs as well
([go](https://godoc.org/github.com/google/uuid#NewRandom),
[Java](<https://docs.oracle.com/javase/10/docs/api/java/util/UUID.html#randomUUID()>),
[C++ Boost](https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_71_0/boost/uuid/random_generator.hpp)).

Apart from that, UUID adoption in other languages/libraries seems to be rather inconsistent:

- [Java](<https://docs.oracle.com/javase/10/docs/api/java/util/UUID.html#randomUUID()>) provides

>   methods for generating `v3` and `v4` UUIDs but not `v1` or `v5` (pretty weird why there's `v3`

Reviewer 2: I don't love the phrasing "pretty weird", perhaps:

> it would be interesting to investigate further, as to why these algorithms were chosen, given it goes against the recommendations in the RFC.

Author: 💯agreed, that sloppy wording was a copy&paste leftover from my comment in #31 

While I still do find it a weird choice (😈) I agree that this kind of negative judgement should not appear in the README, thanks for pointing it out!

Author: 💯agreed, that sloppy wording was a copy&paste leftover from my comment in #31 

While I still do find it a weird choice (😈) I agree that this kind of negative judgement should not appear in the README, thanks for pointing it out!

  instead of `v5` as the
  [RFC already recommends `v5` over `v3`](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122#section-4.3)).
- [C++ Boost](https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_71_0/libs/uuid/doc/uuid.html#boost/uuid/name_generator.hpp)
  defaults to `v5` over `v3` for name-based UUIDs but in its implementation anticipates that `v5`
  (which uses SHA-1) for hashing will be followed up by a newer name-based UUID version which will
  use a different hashing algorithm ("In anticipation of a new RFC for uuid arriving…").
- [Google's implementation for go](https://godoc.org/github.com/google/uuid#NewUUID) has chosen
  `v1` to be the "default" export whose generator method is called `NewUUID()`, whereas the other

>   versions have less defaulty-sounding names: `NewRandom()` for `v4`, `NewMD5()` for `v3`,

Reviewer 2: Perhaps,

> whereas the other exposed methods have names closer to the abstraction we propose: `NewRandom` for `v4, `newMD5()` for `v3`?

Reviewer 3: names like "new" seem like a universally bad idea to me, because eventually there's "new2"

Reviewer 4: I am pretty sure "new" in the context of Go's methods is as in `new UUID()`, not "the new version of `UUID`": that is, the behavior of the function is to give you a fresh UUID.

Reviewer 3: ahh gotcha, my confusion

can be a privacy or data protection concern for many use cases (e.g. leaking the creation timestamp
of a user account) so it's yet another reason to be very careful when choosing to use `v1` UUIDs.

### How do other languages/libraries deal with UUIDs?

> Some other languages/libraries seem to do be using the term `random` to describe `v4` UUIDs as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some other languages/libraries use the term "random" to describe version 4 UUIDs as well
```
